Put this thing down
It's okay.
This can't be put
Take it with me
To travel back with me
What are you saying?
What can't pass through?
It doesn't matter.
Here are the moments to witness the miracle
Goodbye my princess
Princess, what are you doing here?
Of course because of you
Because I'm dumb
It turned out that he was tricking me
Stop dawdling, come on
Princess, I'm not feeling well today
I'm leaving first
No way.
It's today if it's changed.
I really can't, I'll go first
Ah!
Why is it suddenly not working?
Could it be that
Sick
Wang Xun has no money to buy raw materials, please surrender
I can lend you money
Mr. Dong is really timely
Don't be in a hurry to believe me. Borrowing money is conditional.